Generic SQL - Fixing problem with the default value (#33233)
demisto/content: Packs/GenericSQL/ReleaseNotes/1_2_2.md

#### Integrations

##### Generic SQL

> - Fixed an issue where the max fetch default value wasn't taken when removing the default from the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the max fetch parameter would default to 50 when the parameter value is set to empty.
```
